This position data of HSR JR680 robot can be used for robot calibration We provide RobotCali-new.xlsx with 2000 sample points of HSR robot, which can be used for the verification of manipulator calibration algorithm. You can read the following papers to understand the principle and methods of manipulator calibration. Here, x, y, z are the coordinates of the position of the robot’s end-effector in the base coordinate system, L is the length of the cable, q1, q2, q3, q4, q5, q6 are the joint angles of the robot.  
(1)Z. Li, S. Li, and X. Luo, “An Overview of Calibration Technology of Industrial Robots,” IEEE/CAA J. Autom. Sinica, vol. 8, no. 1, pp. 23-36, Jan. 2021.  
(2)Z. Li, S. Li, and X. Luo, “Data-driven Industrial Robot Arm Calibration: A Machine Learning Perspective,” 18th IEEE International Conference on Networking, Sensing and Control, 2021.  
(3)Z. Li, S. Li, O. O. Bamasag, A. Alhothali and X. Luo, “Diversified Regularization Enhanced Training for Effective Manipulator Calibration,” IEEE Trans. Neural Networks and Learning Systems, DOI: 10.1109/TNNLS.2022.3153039.  
(4)Z. Li, S. Li, and X. Luo, Using Quadratic Interpolated Beetle Antennae Search to Enhance Robot Arm Calibration Accuracy[J]. IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters, 2022, DOI: 10.1109/LRA.2022.3211776.  
(5)Z. Li, S. Li, A. Francis and X. Luo, "A Novel Calibration System for Robot Arm via An Open Dataset and A Learning Perspective," IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems II: Express Briefs, 2022, doi: 10.1109/TCSII.2022.3199158.
